Let's finish off the section on functions by looking at one of the core strengths of Julia, that is
if you already have an ecosystem of Python libraries or our libraries that you are familiar with, you
don't have to ditch them completely and move over to Julia in all its entirety.
Julia, people realize that it's a niche language and some people are going to be interested in using
it for specific purposes, but not for everything.
Right.
So they have, in the core of the language, created this capability of calling Python's libraries.
So if you have something running in Python, you can call it from Julia.
It's very easy.
So let's begin by installing the Baycol package so you can use this syntax or the because you don't
add syntax.
Install Baycol.
I'm not going to do that because I've already done that before and we're going to be using Bicol.
And all you have to do is say math is you going to buy, import and give the name of the building python
package that you want to use.
So we have by import math and now you can say math.
Daudzai in math dropped by by four and this just works out of the box.
So this is being called from the actual Python interpreter.
So there is a python going on and it calls that Python interpreter and that does the work for it so
we can do math or squirrelled all of that stuff.
But these are Belton's.
What if you want to use a piece of Python code that you've written yourself?
So for instance, I have written this by accident, by file over here.
It's a very simple file which has the square root function and it simply outputs the square root.
Right.
So it just returns that string.
I want to use that.
So what we're going to do is we are going to pay import and we are going to first give it the part of
the current directory.
So BWB gets the current directory and we are going to add that into the python part.
So this kind of setting the path for the imports.
So we do that and then we can say Buycks is you can do by, import by.
So this is the name of the file that you have over here.
You can say by import that and then you can simply say by extorts square root 36 and this is going to
return that value for you.
So this works really well.
If you change the file, so, for instance, you go over there and you make some changes over here,
so let's say let's put three dots over here if you want to call it now, you want to reload it because
it has changed.
So you can say pinboard in Portland and from that you can reload by X.
And now if you try to call it, you get the latest code reflected over here.
So as simple as that, you can use any python code that you have over there.
There are no restrictions.
And the reason for that is this code is actually being run by the Python interpreter.
So whatever Python can run, you can run from Julia as well.
Right.
So very clean, very easy to work with these two languages side by side.
So it's the same for ah, so I don't have it installed on this machine of mine, but if you do, you
can simply go ahead and add the Arkell package and then using outcall and then you can go ahead and
define any Matrix in your Juliar namespace, have a vector over here and then simply go ahead and create
a wire using a linear combination of those you can output them.
So these are Julia variables.
Nothing fancy going on over here.
OK, now you can go ahead and put this into the R runtime using output.
So this goes into this goes into R as well.
And then you can do something in R such as modelling, etc. So Aagaard is going to take care of that.
And then once it does its thing, the result is going to be in Z and you can do Arget to get that result
back and then show it in Julia.
So output and arget and anything in the middle is going to be the outcome that you want to run.
So again, very transparent.
You can work with this really easily, but when you're just getting started, you don't even need this,
especially in this course.
We're not going to call any python or R from our Julia code.
We are going to stick to Julia and do everything within this ecosystem so that you can get used to it.
In the next video, we are going to go back to the Julia Bocian and take a look at some really interesting
stuff, such as plotting, and then start with our concepts of actual data science and later on, turn
to machine learning.